Rename Assessor Portal to Assessor Workbench (#216)
cisagov/cool-assessment-terraform: README.md

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| assessment\_private\_zone | The private DNS zone for this assessment. |
| assessor\_portal\_instance\_profile | The instance profile for the Assessor Workbench instances. |
| assessor\_portal\_instances | The Assessor Workbench instances. |

> | assessor\_portal\_security\_group | The security group for the Assessor Workbench instances. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| assessor\_workbench\_instance\_profile | The instance profile for the Assessor Workbench instances. |
| assessor\_workbench\_instances | The Assessor Workbench instances. |
| assessor\_workbench\_security\_group | The security group for the Assessor Workbench instances. |
```
